open -a "Visual Studio Code" "/Users/Shared/Epic Games/UE_5.4/Engine/Binaries/Mac/skybox_script_ue5.py"

skybox_script_ue5.py

--Futuristic and Sci-Fi Prompts

"A sprawling futuristic city at night, illuminated by neon lights, under a starry sky with auroras."
"A cyberpunk alley with holographic advertisements and rain-soaked streets, glowing in vibrant colors."
"An alien planet with floating islands, two suns setting on the horizon, and a glowing crystal forest."
"A massive space station orbiting Earth, with a view of the Milky Way galaxy and distant nebulae."
"A robotic wasteland with towering mechs and rusting machinery scattered across a desert."

--Nature and Fantasy Prompts

"A serene mountain valley during sunrise, with mist rolling over a crystal-clear lake."
"An enchanted forest glowing with bioluminescent plants and magical floating fireflies."
"A mythical underwater city with coral-covered ruins, colorful marine life, and shafts of sunlight filtering through the water."
"A vast desert with massive sand dunes, a crumbling ancient pyramid, and a radiant full moon."
"A tranquil beach at sunset, with vibrant orange skies and waves gently crashing against the shore."

--Post-Apocalyptic and Dystopian Prompts

"A ruined cityscape overtaken by nature, with vines growing over skyscrapers and wildlife roaming free."
"A dark, stormy wasteland with broken highways, abandoned vehicles, and distant lightning strikes."
"A dystopian metropolis with towering skyscrapers, smog-filled skies, and faint glimmers of hope in the distance."
"A barren ice-covered world with jagged glaciers and remnants of a long-lost civilization."
"An abandoned space colony on the moon, with scattered debris and Earth visible in the sky."

--Surreal and Abstract Prompts

"A dreamlike floating island surrounded by endless clouds, with waterfalls cascading into the void."
"An infinite mirror maze reflecting a vibrant, multicolored sky filled with shifting patterns."
"A surreal landscape with giant, glowing mushrooms and a purple sky filled with swirling galaxies."
"A futuristic utopia in the clouds, with golden towers and flying vehicles darting between them."
"A kaleidoscopic cosmic scene with fractal-like patterns and a glowing central star."

--Historical and Cultural Prompts

"A bustling medieval village under a twilight sky, with a castle on the hill and lanterns lighting the streets."
"An ancient Roman forum at dusk, with marble columns and statues glowing in the golden light."
"A vibrant Japanese garden during cherry blossom season, with a peaceful koi pond and distant mountains."
"An Arabian desert caravan crossing the dunes under a vivid sunset with a silhouetted city in the distance."
"A grand Victorian-era cityscape at night, with gas lamps illuminating cobblestone streets."

--Seasonal and Atmospheric Prompts

"A cozy snow-covered village at night, with warm lights glowing from windows and stars in the sky."
"An autumn forest with golden leaves falling, a setting sun casting long shadows, and a gentle breeze."
"A tropical paradise with clear turquoise water, swaying palm trees, and a fiery sunset."
"A thunderstorm rolling over a vast prairie, with dramatic lightning illuminating the dark sky."
"A spring meadow filled with blooming flowers, butterflies, and a bright rainbow overhead."